Allow configuration sink prefixes (#676)
knative/client: docs/README.md

### Location

The default location `kn` looks for config is under the home directory of the user at `$HOME/.kn/config.yaml`. It is not created for you as part of the `kn` installation. You can create this file elsewhere and use the `--config` flag to specify its path.

### Options

Below are the options you can specify in the `kn` config file.

1. `pluginsDir` which is the same as the persistent flag `--plugins-dir` and specifies the kn plugins directory. It defaults to: `~/.kn/plugins`. By using the persistent flag (when you issue a command) or by specifying the value in the `kn` config, a user can select which directory to find `kn` plugins. It can be any directory that is visible to the user.

2. `lookupPluginsInPath` which is the same as the persistent flag `--lookup-plugins-in-path` and specficies if `kn` should look for plugins anywhere in the specified `PATH` environment variable. This is a boolean configuration option and the default value is `false`.

> 3. `sink` defines your prefix to refer to Kubernetes resources which are described by APIGroup, Version and KIND. Then a `sink` object could be described as `<prefix>:<object name>` in `kn` command lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `sink` defines your prefix to refer to Kubernetes addressable resources. To configure a sink prefix, define following in the config file:
```

Author: done

>     1. `prefix` is the prefix you want to describe your sink objects. `svc`, `service`, and `broker` are predefined prefixes in `kn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `prefix`: Prefix you want to describe your sink as. `service` or `svc` (`serving.knative.dev/v1`) and `broker` (`eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1`) are predefined prefixes in `kn`. These predefined prefixes can be overridden by values in configuration file. 
```

Author: done.

>     2. `group` is the APIGroup of Kubernetes resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. `group`: The APIGroup of Kubernetes resource.
```

Author: done

>     3. `version` is the version of Kubernetes resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. `version`: The version of Kubernetes resources.
```

Author: done.

>     4. `resource` is the plural name of Kubernetes resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. `resource`: The plural name of Kubernetes resources (for example: services).
```

Author: done.

> For example, the following `kn` config will look for `kn` plugins in the user's `PATH` and also execute plugin in `~/.kn/plugins`. It also defines a sink prefix `myprefix` which refer to `brokers` in `eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1`. With this configuration, you could use `myprefix:default` to describe Broker `default` in `kn` command lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following `kn` config will look for `kn` plugins in the user's `PATH` and also execute plugin in `~/.kn/plugins`. 
It also defines a sink prefix `myprefix` which refers to `brokers` in `eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1`. With this configuration, you can use `myprefix:default` to describe a Broker `default` in `kn` command line.
```

Author: thanks. fixed in the new version.
